Updated remarks for schannel RSA (#1846)
MicrosoftDocs/sdk-api: sdk-api-src/content/schannel/ns-schannel-crypto_settings.md

## -remarks

> The following constant distinguishes between the different RSA padding modes and can be specified in the `strCngAlgId` field. Either of them can be used or the <a href="/windows/win32/seccng/cng-algorithm-identifiers">CNG algorithm identifier</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following constant distinguishes between the different RSA padding modes and can be specified in the `strCngAlgId` field. Either of these modes can be provided instead of the <a href="/windows/win32/seccng/cng-algorithm-identifiers">CNG algorithm identifier</a>.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggested tweak to make sure folks are clear on what can be set.

## -remarks

> The following constant distinguishes between the different RSA padding modes and can be specified in the `strCngAlgId` field, in addition to the <a href="/windows/win32/seccng/cng-algorithm-identifiers">CNG algorithm identifier</a>.

Reviewer: @Xelu86 - I think this wording sounds good, but do you know what the code would look like if someone passed the CNG algorithm identifier and the padding mode together in the field? It might be useful to show users how to do that. We can move ahead with this change now and circle back to add that example in a separate PR.
